Cartalyst PSL
Copyright (c) 2011-2014, Cartalyst LLC,
All rights reserved.

This license is a legal agreement between you and Cartalyst LLC for the use of
any package (all versions) Software (the "Software"). By downloading any version
of the Software you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this
license. Cartalyst LLC reserves the right to alter this agreement at any time,
for any reason, without notice.

The Cartalyst PSL License allows the holderâ€™s products to be sold or distributed
to end users only, and not to developers or vendors who intend to use the
Software for actual development. In the case a License holder sells or otherwise
distributes the Software to developers and not to end users, the License Holder
must advise the developers that they must purchase their own license in order to
use the Software.

Holders of the Cartalyst PSL License may:

1.  You may Use the Software personally or allow use of the Software to their
clients and users on unlimited websites engaging in commercial, for-profit or
non-for-profit activities.

2.  You may alter, modify, or extend the Software for your own use or for use in
an integral part of your product or service.

Unless you have been granted prior, written consent from Cartalyst LLC,
you may not:

1.  You may not reproduce, distribute, sub license, share, lease or transfer the
Software as a sole product, or portions thereof, to any third party.

2.  You may not use the software in violation of any United States or
international laws or regulations.

3.  You may not grant rights to any other person.

4.  You may not allow integration of the Software with open source products with
exception to add-ons, extensions and plugins sold separately from the open
source software.

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Cartalyst LLC for any third-party
claims, actions or suits, as well as any related expenses, liabilities, damages,
settlements or fees arising from your use or misuse of the Software, or
violation of any terms of this license.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
